[Music]
Well it turns out that your Susana but of course
this is about a this is about a
gossip that I was commenting on Well a
gossip is a controversy of invictor Wall
Street Wolverine do you remember with the ex do
you remember that controversy that that was
an exclusive of mine it was not exclusive of mine
Hi my boyfriend Marcelo got hooked on
gossip for you can you send him a little
greeting man of course a kiss
Marcelo handsome I love that you are a
Maruja okay I love that you see seo
together I love to join couples okay like
Marcelo and Like italis if you want a threesome joke joke joke joke joke
not because of
that twi do you remember that
historic tet in Dallas no e I don't know if it was
exclusive when in Víctor because it
seems to me that it was an exclusive of mine eh Because it
seems to me that I spoke with Víctor that I spoke on the
phone with him and that I spoke with the ex
okay first the ex and then Víctor
clarified a series of issues for me the next day
and I was commenting on them it
was also a  gossip that was a
controversy that had no impact
okay But well for what I saw now I don't know
if Victor has spoken about the subject or if
she is going to bring up the subject wait
sociological study that women
with more leftist and
feminist convictions had a lot of it surprises me this
subject is going to bring it up is she going to bring it up
suddenly it surprises me that he brings up
the subject because the subject has not
had any impact in the end it was that let's
see The Move was that They
had a dog while they were in a relationship I don't know
how long it was With this girl a
very cute girl the truth is a girl eh
but she didn't come out to talk vor no I didn't talk
to him on the phone well I spoke to him
by DM he gave me his phone number but I don't
remember if I spoke by WhatsApp or by
DM But well I almost spoke to him and to the
girl who then the girl hit it off By
the way a week and then or or or two
weeks complaining to me by DM every time he
came up with something new and this what you don't bring
up And this  what and I as a girl
let's see if I'm telling you from
the first day go here talk give me
papers give me information but of course
the thing was that the thing was that
the girl what it said was that the dog
was hers that Victor took running
put it in his name I don't remember well
okay but that Victor forbade him a lot of
money worth a lot but then it turns out
that Victor shows me proof that the
dog is in his name in Andorra and
that he bought it and then what she
gets is that in Spain I don't know which
vet registers it and the
dog's chip is in Andorra it's that of course the
same chip the same chip the same
chip number okay when you pass the
gadget and read it The reader
apparently what you read is a
numbering and that numbering in your country
is registered in a name Of course what
happens is that if you read the chi in
Andorra that number is registered in
Victor's name and now she after
having fought with him without having the
dog because the dog has not left
Andorra for  I've seen it, get
someone to register it under
her name, so it's not going to be worth anything
because he's in Andorra, she's such and such. And
this isn't even going to be a bad Argos for
me, I'm not speaking from memory, eh. I
know that I spoke with Victor, he explained to me. Look
at this, this, this, and if you want more, I'll send you more, I don't know what. I mean, you know, and I didn't have, I wasn't right, she that I understand her pain because she was in
Chochimilco,
sausage, but it was a beautiful dog,
okay, very handsome, the dog. I understand that he
was super fed up. But look, really.
This is the same as with
Dallas' dog when there is a eh, a pet when
there is a pet in common with a
boyfriend with a girlfriend, then it is not viable or
it will almost never be done. There are very few
cases, maybe of people who
exceptionally end up very well, they get along
very well, but the normal thing is that
we're not going to see if I have a dog with a girlfriend.
Well, then you have to
agree on who gets the dog, okay,
because the dog, that's not going to have
shared custody like a child or
anything.  style Why not Because if
I've broken up with a person I'm not going to
be with you my whole [ __ ] life or for 10 15
years 20
even which are how long dogs last I'm not going to have contact with you unless it's a good roll of those that happen very rarely so by General rule Well you no matter how good That you end up not in a
break up even if it ends well because you don't
want to be constantly knowing about
your ex you understand me or I mean and no no no no you do
n't know So it has to be
agreed upon from the beginning and when there
's a misunderstanding then in the end it belongs to
whoever it is to whoever it's registered to
whoever the property is okay look sorry
to see if I could have fixed it well when you
were I don't know the truth I mean These are
things that you have to
always agree on during the relationship Hey if something
happens tomorrow what happens who gets it okay
Whose
is the Per Okay or or better yet I hadn't
talked about it but then there's no problem but of
course if there's a disagreement then the
legal battle you know what it is In the
name of who the dog is Of course there's no
more if there is  a person who has
bought it and there is a person who
has also registered their name that there are not many
difficulties to find for I'm leaving
the danger of saying this is going to
falsely denounce me everyone knows that is what
we women of the
left like is to falsely denounce I
go three or four times a week the
Wall Street online the one who says holdea
holdea with balls and talks about Spain
while invoicing in Andorra has
an aunt here Giving me the needle and a
woman who points out my machismo
traditional family of love of
Care towards the man we want a
trat wife who do not see anything wrong with the fact
of taking care of the man this girl has one
but bad nothing more than the tone truth
and the way of speaking that she makes me
food breakfast and dinner and that she
stays at home raising the children okay
let's see what the ex-partner
here says this man okay was a
Polish girl left her whole life behind and it's me
no Okay man I mean nothing to start eh Nothing
start the live That's me That's me
but it's that I don't see it I mean it's my tweet
with the  news okay I posted the news
the part about the two of them also eh And and I don't read
what it says down here to see if she
reads it but it's like a screenshot of
someone who is posting a screenshot of
my tweet but from the response I understand
no and she went to Andorra for him and for him
to take care of the house like he wanted
and they adopted a puppy a few weeks ago In
short, the relationship ended And what has
this man done, taken the dog
and not let the girl see it, wow eh
sugu Susana And who are you defending Dalas
2.0 here the story of Dalas repeated
Okay then you defend Claro here I
mean she alone eh she alone has
compared it with the story of Dallas
because eh of course she shouldn't have
made that mention I I was going to catch the
hypocrisy because I say for sure she's going to
defend the girl who is the one who doesn't
have the dog and says that the dog
's name is in the registry that in Andorra it
is in his registry okay but of
course she has already made the
comparison with the story of
Dallas 2.0 Okay then  Well it turns out
that this guy has taken the
girl's dog and won't let her see the
dog that they just adopted, this Javi
Oliveira says that I piss call the po already
posts the news not about because already
on his Instagram he posted like Hey he
took my dog ​​and won't let me see
the dog he says He had a
traditional partner dedicated to building the
relationship only gaba factor factor
I'm not going to complain either, I'm not going to complain that he
tells me that because it's true about him
and what really sacrificed everything was me he I
continue with everything the same without taking
risks until one gets tired of putting up with
things that she shouldn't continually plays
the fool leaves everything to go with him
the other one doing a Speed ​​saying I
want a woman who leaves everything
for me And here he has a woman who
left everything for him but of course
How long are you going to put up with this
piece of [ __ ] Well not long the
truth is I don't know if you'll ever see your
puppy again that you've taken care of for It's that you
don't even know I mean if it's
even  you know yeah [ __ ] it's that you don't
even know what he's like you don't know him you
just don't like him ideologically his
Susana I mean you don't know what it's like to live
with him you don't know if he's a good partner or not You don't
know if what the girl is saying
is true she supports him simply because she's a
woman it's that there is no Yes yes
let's see how you can speak in that
tone man How can you speak look at what I
'm telling you me and you You
lived it eh I mean I spoke with the girl
what happened that the girl Then she started
for 10 days after every time she
came up with something new and she doesn't release it And you ca
n't post this a tweet and this you
know it's like let's see daughter it seems like
the topic is mine that I post the news
that you give me and and I asked the two eh
Victor and the girl I mean And look at you that I
know more than I've seen I
mean it's not that I have a relationship with him no he
's not a friend or a colleague or anything but
we have collaborated sometimes I don't think we have been
doing some debates
together we have participated in  some
stories and and we follow each other the Wall
Street Wolverine and I follow each other on
Twitter not a little more you understand I mean I
asked him I asked her
to put the news you know clear and
this potato is already directly giving
her the reason but I understand that
then the story of Dallas supports
Dallas no So this girl supports
supports Dallas not in the story no 7
months since he arrived being the
smallest thing I had ever seen and having
news of his condition generates a lot of
anxiety literally blocked her from
everywhere and said Well this you'll never
see the dog again and I'll end the
relationship and goodbye to the dog How is she going to
understand that I'll never see you again I
took care of you that you were the smallest thing I had
ever seen and you are a most
handsome intelligent impressive dog in the
world innocent beings should It's that
to me and to me this happens to me I
go crazy eh I go crazy I
tell you the truth eh and they ask her if
when when she told him that
the relationship was over she didn't have the
chance to take the dog with her
so this wouldn't happen I mean I
go  crazy if that happens to me Then
you understand that Dallas goes crazy
No, already explain, I had been communicating it for days
but he didn't want to accept it that
weekend I was going to stay with Frank
because he was going away for work but he
took him and I was engineering again as
always I never thought he would be capable of
snatching him from everywhere and he started
saying that Frank was his and that he didn't
want to know anything about me it never crossed my
mind to take Frank and
deprive him of seeing him I find myself
in this situation and I commit in that I
go crazy I tell you the truth I don't
know how it works or who's name it's in
you get into one and you take it
Angel we have a case here in Spain
hyper mega ult known that is the issue
of the hair of Dallas's dog and miare
that legally the papers said that
the dog was Dallas's and the dog is not
going to see Dallas again so
support Dallas no [ __ ] I didn't
expect that you would support Dallas in that
a kiss quesadilla children of the
kids you have to go to four the
tomorrow You know because in the end what I
put on paper doesn't match what
you put in reality you know no but it's
true I see myself in that situation and I
commit crimes justifies of course I mean
justifies that if Dallas now commits
crimes he justifies it No I commit
crimes I'm telling you seriously but come on
that girl had left everything for
him DEA had gone done what he
needed and in the end look how he
paid her back but but [ __ ] I'm
freaking out [ __ ] here I [ __ ] they just
warned me now before
starting directly that Antonia deleted
the tweet in which she supported Tania that
was like What the [ __ ] I mean I don't know
if you saw it you put it in
response to this no I mean from Joan
Planas I expected it from Plana that she would start
supporting Tania I
expected it but when they put
this here I don't know anything about the subject and I don't
care but I support you Tania okay cheer up
crazy eh And she doesn't stop insulting me
and she doesn't stop accusing me of crimes this
lady okay she deleted the tweet I don't know
if it's because  you have already realized what you
have supported and what the
Tania thing is about Well here Pablo
puts more or less What it is about okay he has
deleted the tweet okay Not me Really, I mean
although I didn't expect him to
speak out on this for real LoL
but of course I was freaking out with
sugu Susana defending Dallas on
this it doesn't surprise me that he's taking
things for granted in the relationship
of I'm surprised that he's taking things for granted
in Victor's relationship with the
girl because the truth is that she
wasn't there and neither of them knows them
okay but Hey, from here I'll
say it I'll say it and I stand by it if they
ever take one of my
cats away I'll end up in prison and
I say what right does the girl have that Wolverine doesn't have to keep the girl to the dog who decides who keeps the dog is she because she's a woman Look, let's see if you want I'll get into the conversation with Victor and I'll
tell you what he told me because I don't
have it fresh okay whatever I told it in
the videos back then  so we've been
talking for a few months now, look, I
spoke to him and he gave me his phone number, he
explained a few things to me, okay, and what he
came to tell me was that this girl, well,
had a lack of respect, the
girl, the girlfriend, no, the ex, who had a
lack of respect towards him, okay, it's
recognized by her in a certain way
because she
also put it in her Instagram stories. Hey, there have been
very strong fights between the two,
mutual disrespect, no, and here's what he
was telling me, seen. Is that in addition, he, the
girl, apart from being his girlfriend, had
a working relationship with her,
surely the girl, well, he would have her
hired somewhere or was in charge of
something for the companies that Victor has, no,
he has done things
properly in the matter of severance pay and so on,
no, and that's good that the dog issue, the
dog issue, the dog has always
been in Andorra, that he has the
ownership of the dog in Andorra and that she,
he has everything in her name but that
she in Spain has taken it, she has put it in
her name but that she has the
Ministry of Agriculture and Andorra
agriculture of Andorra on her side. That  that's what
he tells me, so the
conflict here is that she has taken has seen
the Dallas Yimar issue and said how
nothing that arrived in Spain managed to
get them to name him I don't know how you can get them to
name the dog after you I also
tell you but well we've already seen that there are
vets who do it and nothing happens
Look here Sugu Susana is saying that she
would understand that Dallas commits crimes
I commit crimes I'm telling you seriously
but come on what is it please tell me that
this girl did not support the sentence that
Dallas loses with Miar's father
Luares I don't know if Luares is around today Luar
is not around but tell me that
this girl of course understands that she understands that
no she would commit crimes insults I understand
that insults I understand that she doesn't give a damn
not completely No no [ __ ] around
eclipse dude I mean don't [ __ ] around I I I it's that
with these people I have a thing which is that I do
n't know if they do it on purpose I don't know
if they do it on purpose okay this What is it
dude what the [ __ ] is she has a cat yeah
Well but here she is putting come on I'm going to
put pet no well no there's no
need to even put text no  with that I
put the capture it is understood no man, they
are not like I do not know these things they do them on
purpose or how it is that girl
had left everything for him she had left
and had done what he needed and in the
end look how it is that girl had paid her from
here I already say it I say it and I maintain it if they
ever take one of
my cats from me I end up in prison and
nothing happens I end up in prison and also
richly but I already tell you that in
My cat they do not give it to me I tell you well
imagine that with pets Imagine the
people who do it with children eh heavy that
eh heavy already I understand that if the dog
of the two if they have adopted it as a couple
luar can you look at me please if this
girl has mentioned something about the case of
argo I understand that both have to
see them but forbidding the other
person to see it what is
this man doing he is not letting he
says that the dog is his and that he does not own it
and he is forbidding her to see it that is very
cruel It is that here in Spain until
very few years ago the pets were always
seen  like a property and the time of
trials is very complicated since
a few years ago this is changing and they
begin to be treated like pets and in
another way but not
all judges apply it and it is something like very
little by little please please please
tell me that this girl has said something
on some occasion about the subject of AR
Susana I'm sure she has put something dude
fixed fixed fixed for the word something not
for the word Dallas May 27th she talked
about Dallas I imagine it would be about the
crypto June 10th of last year
Dallas is going crazy let's see here they
explain to him about the pet no no no no no
this capture is complete better is
complete better dude I can't I can't with them they are a lot there is no there is no one there is no
one specific on the subject of
marlo apart from this guy They are too many there are
too many eh nothing but
not here [ __ ] But these are insults and
other generalized but it's not like
talking about the dog as such no let's see
2018 2018 2018 Give it [ __ ] nothing let's
go for sure very sure very sure
who has spoken about the case, eh, I mean, if he
started talking about the
Dallas cryptocurrency, imagine, in 2017, this is already
backwards, nothing, Dallas being a pedophile,
[ __ ], I don't know, Dallas, why hasn't
this girl filed a lawsuit? eh? No, but
let's be sure, sure that he has
spoken about the case, eh, for sure, eh, I mean, because
if he starts talking about the
Dallas cryptocurrency, how is he not going to
talk about the Argon case? No.
But, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay
that he's on Dallas's side in this case,
the truth is that
[Music]